Improve readme (#15)
babel/babel-polyfills: README.md

# Babel Polyfills

> A set of Babel plugins that enable injecting different polyfills with different strategies in your compiled code.

Reviewer: add this back!

> ℹ️ This repository implements what was initially proposed at [babel/babel#10008](https://github.com/babel/babel/issues/10008).

> 💡 If you are looking for some quick setup examples, or just want to see how to migrade your config, please check [`docs/migration.md`](https://github.com/babel/babel-polyfills/blob/master/docs/migration.md).

## Usage

> The main Babel packages only transform JavaScript _syntax_: you also need to load a polyfill, to make native _functions_ or _built-in objects_ work in older browsers. The Babel plugins implemented in this repository automatically inject the polyfills in your code, trying to only load what is really needed basd on your compilation targets and on what you are using in your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main Babel packages only transform JavaScript _syntax_: you also need to load a polyfill, to make native _functions_ (`Array.prototype.flat`) or _built-in objects_ (`Promise`) work in older browsers. The Babel plugins implemented in this repository automatically inject these polyfills in your code, while trying to only load what is really needed. It does this based on your compilation targets and on what you are using in your code.
```

Reviewer: Actually would like to add a short thing about how you would normally do `<script src=` or do `import "polyfill"` at the top of your file but that assumes your targets don't change or that you are using that polyfill.

Reviewer: Could be good in history section too

A set of Babel plugins that enable injecting different polyfills with different strategies in your compiled code.
Additionally, this reporitory contains a package that helps creating providers for any other polyfill.

> ⚠️ These packages are **highly experimental** and they have not been tested in production applications yet. Also, we are still working ond wiring some missing polyfills.

> ℹ️ This repository implements what was initially proposed at [babel/babel#10008](https://github.com/babel/babel/issues/10008).

> 💡 If you are looking for some quick setup examples, or just want to see how to migrade your config, please check [`docs/migration.md`](https://github.com/babel/babel-polyfills/blob/master/docs/migration.md).

## Usage

The main Babel packages only transform JavaScript _syntax_: you also need to load a polyfill, to make native _functions_ (`Array.prototype.flat`) or _built-in objects_ (`Promise`) work in older browsers.

The easiest way to do so is to directly load the polyfill using a `<script ...>` tag:
```html
<script src="https://unpkg.com/core-js-bundle@3.6.5/minified.js"></script>
```

> However, this simple approach can potentially include a lot of unnecessary code. The Babel plugins implemented in this repository automatically inject the polyfills in your code, while trying to only load what is really needed. It does this based on your compilation targets and on what you are using in your code.

Reviewer: Maybe everything before `The Babel plugins implemented in this repository automatically ` could go in a `## Motivation/Reasoning/Why Section`?

Author: We have that section at the end, but I think that a few sentence i this Usage section (since it is what most people read) help giving a bit of context before reading everything without distracting too much with the long explanation.

<script src="https://unpkg.com/core-js-bundle@3.6.5/minified.js"></script>
```

However, this simple approach can potentially include a lot of unnecessary code. The Babel plugins implemented in this repository automatically inject the polyfills in your code, while trying to only load what is really needed. It does this based on your compilation targets and on what you are using in your code.

These plugins (we are calling them "polyfill providers") support different [injection *methods*](#injection-methods), to better fit your needs.

For example, if you want to inject imports to [`es-shims`](https://github.com/es-shims) polyfills by adding the missing functions to the global objects, you could configure Babel as such:

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<table>
<thead><tr>
<th align="center">Configuration</th>
<th align="center">Input code</th>
<th align="center">Output code</th>
</tr></thead>
<tr>
<td>

```json
{
  "plugins": [
    ["polyfill-es-shims", {
      "method": "usage-global",
      "targets": {
        "firefox": 65
      }
    }]
  ]
}
```

</td>
<td>

```js
 
 
 
Promise.allSettled([
  p1,
  p2
]).finally(() => {
  console.log("Done!");
});
 
```

</td>
<td>

```js

> import "promise.prototype.finally/auto.js";
> import "promise.allsettled/auto.js";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import "promise.prototype.finally/auto";
import "promise.allsettled/auto";
```

Extensions should always be omitted in imports in general, but in this case the `exports` field will not allow the extensions in packages that support it.

Author: https://github.com/babel/babel-polyfills/commit/2fdfe1b2ba791279f7ef0e037599fe8951aa3704

  p1,
  p2
]).finally(() => {
  console.log("Done!");
});
 
```

</td>
</tr>
</table>
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

If you want to see more configuration examples, you can check the migration docs: [`docs/migration.md`](https://github.com/babel/babel-polyfills/blob/master/docs/migration.md).

If you are interested in reading about all the options supported by these plugins, you can check the usage docs: [`docs/usage.md`](https://github.com/babel/babel-polyfills/blob/master/docs/migration.md).

## Supported polyfills

<!--prettier-ignore -->
| Polyfill | Plugin | Methods |
| :------: | :----: | :-----: |
| `core-js@2` | [`babel-plugin-polyfill-corejs2`](./packages/babel-plugin-polyfill-corejs2) | `entry-global`, `usage-global` and `usage-pure` |
| `core-js@3` | [`babel-plugin-polyfill-corejs3`](./packages/babel-plugin-polyfill-corejs3) | `entry-global`, `usage-global` and `usage-pure` |
| `es-shims` | [`babel-plugin-polyfill-es-shims`](./packages/babel-plugin-polyfill-es-shims) | `usage-global` and `usage-pure` |
| `regenerator-runtime` | [`babel-plugin-polyfill-regenerator`](./packages/babel-plugin-polyfill-regenerator) | `entry-global`, `usage-global` and `usage-pure` |

> > 💡 If you want to implement support for a custom polyfill, you can use `@babel/helper-define-polyfill-provider`. ([`docs/polyfill-provider.md`](https://github.com/babel/babel-polyfills/blob/master/docs/polyfill-provider.md).)

Reviewer: You basically said this here, but above the table should we say, these are the ones we've made/maintained/setup but doesn't mean you have to use these? Or a note we can list others if it meets some criteria
